Update pfsense.md (#9499)
netdata/netdata: packaging/installer/methods/pfsense.md

pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-cryptography-2.6.1.txz
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-idna-2.8.txz
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-openssl-19.0.0.txz
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-pysocks-1.7.1.txz
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-urllib3-1.25.7,1.txz
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-yaml-5.3.1.txz
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/netdata-1.23.0.txz
```

**Note:** If you receive a `Not Found` error at any of the commands above, you will either need to manually look
in the [repo folder](http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/) for the latest available package and use its
URL instead, or you can try manually changing the Netdata version in the URL to the latest version
(in case Netdata is the only package erroring out).

**Note:** On pfSense 2.4.5, Python version 3.7 may be installed by the system, in which case you should should not install Python from the FreeBSD repository as instructed above.

> **WARNING:** Packages from the `latest` tag in the FreeBSD 11 repository will always be at the latest stable train. As of early July 2020, that means 11.3-RELEASE. If you are running earlier versions of pfSense, such as 2.4.4 (now outdated, but might be running in some edge cases in production environments) at this time, then you'll be running __11.2-RELEASE__. Be mindful of your update train or you might cause havoc in your system! **BE MINDFUL OF YOUR PACKAGE MANAGER WARNINGS, THEY SHOULD NOT BE DEALT WITH LIGHTLY!** - With that said, if you are running an older version, you might need to manually browse for the correct package versions for your release train. For ease and reference, [11.3-RELEASE](http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/release_3/), [11.2-RELEASE](http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/release_2/), [11.1-RELEASE](http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/release_1/) and [11.0-RELEASE](http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/release_0/) are linked here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WARNING:** Packages from the `latest` tag in the FreeBSD 11 repository will always be at the latest stable train. As of early July 2020, that means `11.3-RELEASE`. If you are running earlier versions of pfSense, such as 2.4.4 at this time, then you'll be running `11.2-RELEASE`. Be mindful of your update train, and pay close attention to warnings from your package manager, as they should not be dealt with lightly.

if you are running an older version, you might need to manually browse for the correct package versions for your release train: [11.3-RELEASE](http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/release_3/), [11.2-RELEASE](http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/release_2/), [11.1-RELEASE](http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/release_1/), and [11.0-RELEASE](http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/release_0/).
```

```sh
pkg install -y pkgconf bash e2fsprogs-libuuid libuv nano
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/Judy-1.0.5_2.txz

> pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/json-c-0.14.txz

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/json-c-0.15_1.txz
```

pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-certifi-2020.6.20.txz
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-asn1crypto-1.3.0.txz
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-pycparser-2.20.txz

> pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-cffi-1.14.0.txz

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-cffi-1.14.3.txz
```

> pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-six-1.14.0.txz

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-six-1.15.0.txz
```

pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-cryptography-2.6.1.txz

> pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-idna-2.8.txz

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-idna-2.10.txz
```

pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-openssl-19.0.0.txz
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-pysocks-1.7.1.txz

> pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-urllib3-1.25.7,1.txz

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-urllib3-1.25.10,1.txz
```

pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/py37-yaml-5.3.1.txz

> pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/netdata-1.23.0.txz

Reviewer 2: good catch @joelhans 

```cmd
0 ~ $ curl -o /dev/null -s -w "%{http_code}\n" http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/netdata-1.23.0.txz
404
0 ~ $ curl -o /dev/null -s -w "%{http_code}\n" http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/netdata-1.24.0.txz
200
```

> pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/netdata-1.23.0.txz

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pkg add http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/netdata-1.26.0.txz
```

```cmd
0 ~ $ curl -o /dev/null -s -w "%{http_code}\n" http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/netdata-1.26.0.txz
200
```
